Replace WPF tokens (#16479)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/app-development/building-a-wpf-application-wpf.md

### Resolving References

> The build process locates and binds the assemblies required to build the application project. This logic is contained in the `ResolveAssemblyReference` task. All assemblies declared as `Reference` in the project file are provided to the task along with information on the search paths and metadata on assemblies already installed on the system. The task looks up assemblies and uses the installed assembly's metadata to filter out those core WPF assemblies that need not show up in the output manifests. This is done to avoid redundant information in the ClickOnce manifests. For example, since PresentationFramework.dll can be considered representative of an application built on and for the WPF and moreover since all WPF assemblies exist at the same location on every machine that has the .NET Framework installed, there is no need to include all information on all .NET Framework reference assemblies in the manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build process locates and binds the assemblies required to build the application project. This logic is contained in the `ResolveAssemblyReference` task. All assemblies declared as `Reference` in the project file are provided to the task along with information on the search paths and metadata on assemblies already installed on the system. The task looks up assemblies and uses the installed assembly's metadata to filter out those core WPF assemblies that need not show up in the output manifests. This is done to avoid redundant information in the ClickOnce manifests. For example, since PresentationFramework.dll can be considered representative of an application built on and for WPF, and since all WPF assemblies exist at the same location on every machine that has the .NET Framework installed, there's no need to include all information on all .NET Framework reference assemblies in the manifests.
```
